Twitter has been set to support 140 characters. For the English alphabet nothing complicated,
one character means one letter, number, space or punctuation. It's with computers
we agree more or less. And if we lived twenty years ago, that would be the exact way
the system could work. Exactly thereafter, no more.
However, we now use Unicode.
This is still easy for some languages. For example, for East Asian languages,
Chinese, Japanese, Korean, one character means a symbol, number, space, and
punctuation mark. However, since these languages ​​are written more together,
each character can hold more information than in English, even up to twice as much
in each tweet.
Then it is more complicated.
For example, what in Arabic counts as a single letter? The shape of the Arabic letters depends
on their position in the word. Watch what happens when
when I take the Arabic alphabet in Arabic and I will squeeze the backspace. We write from right to left, remember.
Characters change so they do not break the rules of the written language,
and the diacritics disappear independently of the letter to which it belongs.
In Vietnam, each letter is counted as one character.
We just cut them off.
At this point, most British programmers, including me, are giving up
and prefer to use some existing code created by a generous soul who has already solved it.
Or if they are lazy, they will say that no one who does not speak English will not use it anyway
and that we do not have to worry about it.
(TIRE) Yes we must.
Unicode has one character for some English ligatures, like "ffi" - note how the letters are
close together to make them look better. Some programs
it will automatically populate for you so if you copy and paste such text
to Twitter, you save the characters.
People would count this as 3 characters. Unicode, therefore, Twitter as well
almost every computer program? Just one. The best example is
Arabic is written "Peace with Him". Unicode has one Twitter character for it
it takes 1 of 140. This is definitely good if you are a pious Muslim
and you want to talk about Twitter prophets.
So what is actually counted as one character? Well, it's complicated. Computers see it differently
than people. And let's be honest: if you are not a professor who writes essays by
the number of characters instead of the number of words will only be useful for you,
when you write tweets.
[Translated by: Tom D. & Josef H.]